Resources folder

compassion.txt:
Compassion: Walk in the shoes of people we serve and those with whom we work.
In order to Help People Live Healthier Lives, we must fully understand and align with their needs and realities.
We celebrate our role in serving people, and society in an area so vitally human as their health.
We will actively listen to fully understand, genuinely empathize with peoples realities, and respond in service and advocacy.

innovation.txt:
Innovation: Invent the future, and learn from the past.
The health care environment must be engaged in constant change, and we must be thoughtful advocates of such change.
We will continue to respectfully challenge the status quo, encourage and invest in new ideas, learn from experiences of the past,
and use those insights to invent a better future.

integrity.txt:
Integrity: Honor Commitments. Never Compromise Ethics.
We must be an enterprise that represents the highest level of personal, and institutional integrity. We will be known for living to the highest forms,
and standards of ethical behavior. We will make honest commitments, and honor them. We will speak the truth, deliver on our promises,
and have the courage to acknowledge and address mistakes.

performance.txt:
Performance: Demonstrate excellence in everything we do.
The challenges of health care are great. Yet they are matched only by the opportunities.
We will be accountable and responsible for consistently delivering high quality, and superior results that make a difference.
We will challenge ourselves, to strive for even better outcomes in all key performance areas.

relationships.txt:
Relationships: Build trust through collaboration.
In our efforts to help people by Making Health Care Work for Everyone, we believe that we can never achieve that goal alone.
We will approach all people with respect, humility, confidence, and energy. And we will encourage the variety of thoughts 
and perspectives, that reflect the diversity of our markets, customers, and workforce.

summary.txt:
Our United Culture is built on the foundation of our values: Integrity, Compassion, Relationships, Innovation, and Performance.
Every day we all have the opportunity to bring these values to life, in the choices we make, the actions we take, and the words we say.
Would you like to know more about a particular value?
